Simplify production guide setup (#3296)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/guides/development/deployment/production.mdx

  ### Examples

  The following examples show how to set `authorizedParties` with different Clerk helpers.

  #### Set `authorizedParties` with `clerkMiddleware()`

  ```typescript
  clerkMiddleware({
    authorizedParties: ['https://example.com'],
  })
  ```

  #### Set `authorizedParties` with `authenticateRequest()`

  ```typescript
  clerkClient.authenticateRequest(req, {
    authorizedParties: ['https://example.com'],
  })
  ```
</If>

<If sdk={["ios", "android"]}>
  <If sdk="ios">
    ## Confirm your iOS app is registered in production

    Ensure your iOS app exists in the production instance under [**Native Applications**](https://dashboard.clerk.com/~/native-applications).
    You will need your **App ID Prefix** and **Bundle ID**.

    ## Update associated domains

    In Xcode, update **Associated Domains** to use your production [Frontend API URL](!frontend-api-url):

    1. Under **Signing & Capabilities**, add or update the entry to `webcredentials:{YOUR_FRONTEND_API_URL}`.

>     1. Use the production instance's Frontend API URL.

Reviewer: Pre-existing copy, but since this PR is a simplification pass...

Does step 2 add anything step 1 doesn't already convey? The `{YOUR_FRONTEND_API_URL}` placeholder in step 1 already signals that the production Frontend API URL is what goes there.

Could collapse to a single step:

```suggestion
    1. Under **Signing & Capabilities**, add or update the entry to `webcredentials:{YOUR_FRONTEND_API_URL}`, using the production instance's Frontend API URL.
```
